you know you spend enough time out there
you get all kinds of weather whether it
be a heatwave and dust storm a tornado
or a flood
I tell people I've cooked in everything
but earthquake you never come close to
that time to cooking in LA but I think
some of the worst weather that I've ever
experienced in my life where it's in two
different places one was in the
Pelletier Canyon one winter we were out
there and come a little blow in than
that it did about 78 miles an hour's
once they clocked the wind Amarillo that
morning and he blowed the fly plumb down
ripped a hole in it about six foot deep
down the middle and down one side now
they hire me on feed Cowboys they don't
hire me on the sole but they were flying
them walls that go around over they keep
people pretty comfortable at home so
cook three meals a day and so by hand
for three days before I got that old fly
back up and it was sure good to have
back the walls of it of the kitchen and
have the warmth I guess the other
probably one that sticks out in my mind
more than anything else is some folks
traveled out in eastern Oklahoma one
time in August and we went up 30 cooked
and down on a whole you couldn't find no
place to sleep at night the mosquitoes
what eating you up and we sweated
running off of you one hundred and six
or seven degrees with their humidity was
pretty miserable but uh my daddy always
told me you hang a shingle out and don't
matter what the weather is in the
condition you could can you get it done
so weather plays a great factor in
cooking in what we do but I guess the
breeze is probably the worst because
when you got a breeze with your cooking
it's like in the microwave to an old
Dutch oven let it blow blow stuff around
pretty bad
Numis Texas one time and the boss man
asked me that night when I set up he
said supposed to come pretty good blow
tonight she won't go home with me I said
no I got a lot of money invested in it
if it's coming below a while and be here
to see it it ripped the fly plumb over
the top of the wagon throwed it out to
her the next morning when old Tommy come
by told him I said you know if it's
gonna come a blow tonight I believe I'll
go home with you he said well one thing
about the Texas Panhandle it'll blow 40
mile an hour on a calm day so keep your
hat - pull down
better get a Stampede string it's gonna
get windy today
you